Take this!
Dai: Zapple!
[pained yell]
It worked!
[amazed chuckle]
Popp: We did it! Hooray!
[laughing]
Popp: What'd I tell you, pal?
His armor's fine, but I bet
he's burnt to a crisp in there.
Popp: That's what he gets for
underestimating us. Right, Dai?
[victorious cackle]
[pained groan]
No, Popp!
What happened? Even the
Zapple spell had no effect?!
No way, it all
went as we planned...
Popp: But somehow he
withstood the damage anyway...
Even without the armor,
Hyunckel's tough as nails.
Hyunckel: I misjudged you.
If you're capable of
such a spell,
then there's no
reason to hold back.
So here goes.
Try it one more time!
Dark Puppetry Aura Hand.
Zapp...
Not that binding spell again!
Hyunckel: Good riddance.
[struggling grunt]
Bloody Scryde!
Dai [thought]:
We can't beat him...
Not by sword, or by magic...
Get up!
It's over.
[noticing grunt]
Told you. This must
be our way out.
[agreeing chirp]
Popp: C'mon,
just hang in there.
No, you're not...
Please - answer me
and get up, Dai!
Hyunckel: Don't bother.
Bloody Scryde
is a killing attack.
He's finished.
You shut up!
No, please,
you can't be dead.
This is all my fault.
It was my idea.
[scoff]
You'll be with him soon, kid.
Maam: Hyunckel, wait!
How did you escape the dungeon?
Listen, that's enough.
How could you do this?!
You attacked another
Disciple of Avan!
You don't know what
you're talking about.
You're students
of my father's killer!
You're wrong!
I'm telling you, Master Avan
wasn't the one who killed him.
Just spare me the lies!
But it's the truth!
Maam: I found this in a
hidden room underground.
That's a...
That's a Soul Shell.
Those are made to contain
messages recorded by the dead.
This one is from your father.
The Armful that went by
the name Bartos.
Hyunckel [thought]:
His last words? Impossible!
How could this exist
without me knowing?
[distressed chirping]
This isn't happening.
I refuse to believe it.
There's no way he's gone!
He's alive!
Popp [thought]: He avoided
a direct hit to his heart.
Either he got lucky, or
he leaned back just in time!
[pained groan]
We can't... win...
Dai [thought]: He can't
be beaten by sword.
He can't be beaten by magic.
That means only one thing...
We lose.
[pained groan]
Wake up...
Maam: Your father
left this behind because
he wanted you
to hear the truth...
He wanted you to
know what really happened
the day this
Underground Palace fell!
Bartos: Hyunckel...
My son...
Father?
Bartos: Hyunckel,
my dear boy...
I leave this message
so that you will understand
the circumstances...
the truth
surrounding my death.
Bartos: When the
Hero's party attacked
the Underground Palace...
Bartos: I fought Avan himself
as the keeper of the Hell Gate.
But Avan was too strong.
Bartos: I prepared for
the final blow, but then...
What's wrong?
Strike me down!
Avan: Let's not do this.
Come now. Don't shame
me with your mercy.
That medallion you wear
was clearly made by
the hands of a child.
However unlikely it may be,
you do have a family
somewhere, yes?
It's just as I suspected.
I will not harm you.
You've beaten me.
Not just in strength,
but heart, as well!
Avan: Now, please...
Open the gate.
The only one who I've
come here for is Hadlar.
Bartos: I shall,
but first I have
something I must ask of you!
And so, I told him...
How I found and
raised a human child,
and that even if
he spared my life,
should Hadlar perish,
I would cease to be.
Bartos: So, I beg you.
Look after my son,
Hero Avan.
Raise him to be a strong
and righteous warrior!
And please, show him
the warmth of a human.
Deal.
[relieved breath]
Bartos: With that,
the Hero gracefully accepted.
Bartos: Then he headed
off to face Lord Hadlar.
Bartos: And soon after...
[defeated howl]
Bartos: Hadlar's death cry
echoed through the palace!
Bartos: Yet, somehow...
I continued to live.
Bartos: Lord Hadlar!
But how could
you have survived?
In my final moments,
I was saved by the dark powers
of the Underworld god, Vearn.
He altered your fate... How?!
I must now slumber for thirteen
years to build up my power,
and then I will
create a new Dark Army.
One even greater
and more terrifying
than our current forces.
But before I get to that,
I need to deal with you,
loyal servant.
Me? But, why?
Because you've been an
absolute failure, Bartos...
With your pathetic sense
of justice and chivalry.
Your human-like
sentiment makes you weak.
Hadlar: And on top of that,
you let Avan pass through
the Hell Gate, unchallenged.
When I create my new Dark Army,
there won't be any place
in it for a mistake like you!
Well, Avan, I hope you enjoy
your brief moment of peace.
When I awake and
assemble my new legions,
I'll come for you first.
Hyunckel...
Hyunckel: Dad?!
Hyunckel: Dad!
Bartos: H-Hyunckel...
Bartos: By then, I no
longer had the strength
to tell you the truth.
So I've hidden this message
within a Soul Shell in secret.
I hope with all my heart
that one day you hear it.
Hyunckel, I hope
you embrace humanity...
And that you do not
hate Master Avan.
If anything, hate
this foolish monster
for thinking he could
raise you like a man.
But know that I was happy.
Although it was brief,
being your father made this cold
corpse of a body feel warmth.
Now please, let me
say this one more time...
Hyunckel... Thank you
for the memories.
Hyunckel: Dad!
Then that means
Lord Hadlar was
the one responsible for
his death all along?
And Avan...
That means he must have known
that I thought it was
his doing, and even still...
He kept his promise
and took care of me?!
Hyunckel: Lies...
All lies!
Sword and... magic...
Popp: H-Hey, Dai?
[worried chirps]
Sword and... magic...
Wait a minute!
Popp [thought]:
Something's wrong.
It's as if he doesn't
even recognize me.
He almost looks
like he's unconscious...
Uh, Dai?
But how?
A direct hit with Bloody Scryde
and the boy still lives?!
Popp [thought]: I remember.
Master Avan mentioned this.
It's rare, but sometimes,
even after getting knocked out,
certain martial artists will
just keep on fighting...
Like their battle
instincts just keep going.
That must be what's
happening to Dai!
Don't do it! Please, Dai.
He'll kill you!
Your friend's right.
This time, I'll
finish you for sure.
No, stop!
Your father... You heard
what he told you.
Lord Hadlar's the one
you should really hate.
We're not enemies.
Just stop using your
sword for evil, Hyunckel!
Enough!
There's no turning back for me.
I'm the Commander
of the Undead Legion!
And as long as I'm
still wearing this armor,
I am the Dark Army's
vengeful warrior.
But, Hyunckel...
Here goes!
[charging yell]
Dai [thought]:
Magic... and sword...
Oh, no... Dai doesn't
have his usual speed!
This is it!
Dai: Magic... and sword!
My supreme armor -
what did you do to it?
Hyunckel: His sword...
it burns?
That's the flame
of a Frizz spell!
Hyunckel [thought]: No one can
encase a weapon in magic...
And if they could,
they would have to be something
far beyond a mere human!
All right!
In the face of danger, Dai was
able to create a new attack.
When neither magic or
sword worked alone,
he found a way to use both...
in a Magic Sword!
Curse you!
Nice one! Do it!
Oh, no!
I promise I won't
miss this time!
Popp [thought]:
I've gotta do something!
The thunderclouds I summoned...
Dai, the lighting!
Call down the lightning!
Call the... Lightning...
Give it up! I'll finish
you off once and for all.
The lightning...
Call lightning...
Call down the lightning!
Take this.
Bloody Scryde!
[powerful yell]
Zap...
Strash!
[defeated roar]
He did it!
Popp [thought]:
Incomplete or not,
it's an Avan Strash
and Zapple double whammy!
Not even Hyunckel
could withstand...
Is he invincible?!
[pained roar]
We won! We beat him!
[pained groan]
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's no use. I'm finished!
Dai, that's enough!
Maam...
Dai, it's all over.
Look at him. You've won!
Please, stop...
I don't want to see the
Disciples of Avan fight anymore.
She's... she's crying?
Uh, Maam? Hyunckel?!
Wh-What was I doing?
You're back.
Hyunckel: Why?
I'm your enemy, Maam.
No, you're one of us.
That's my insignia...
Hyunckel: You kept
it this whole time?
Maam: I knew that the time would
come when you'd want it back,
and I could return it to you.
Hyunckel [thought]:
This kindness...
This caring warmth...
She's like... an angel.
Popp: Dai!
Are you okay?
[relieved chirps]
Hey, Popp, Gomechan!
Did... Did I win?
Hyunckel: You... You did.
And... and I lost.
No, you haven't.
Whoa, what are you doing?
He could come at us
again once he's healed.
It's okay.
There's no need to worry.
Well, come on - shouldn't
I get healed first, at least?
[ominous laughing]
[laughing]
[alarmed grunts]
Hey, I'm still
casting Midheal here.
It's enough.
Flazzard: Look
at you, Hyunckel!
Laying right in the
enemy's lap after losing.
It's hilarious!
Stay back.
Flazzard, was it?
Yes, indeed. The mightiest of
the Six Legion Commanders.
And it's Blizzblaze
General Flazzard to you.
What is that guy? He's fire
and ice stuck together!
So, what are you doing here?
Flazzard: Isn't it obvious?
I was just in the area...
Thought I'd drop by
and kill you!
You know, I have to say,
I've never really liked you.
Flazzard: A human
thinking he could
be worth something to
the Dark King?!
Never in a million years!
If you'd won,
I figured I'd to
stab you in the back
and take all the credit...
But honestly, it's even
better that you lost.
Now don't worry.
I'll tell everyone that
you all killed each other
and spare you the shame.
Your cries will be
enough thanks for me!
What's this?!
[evil chuckle]
Just giving this dormant
volcano a little wake-up call.
Soon enough, this place'll
be overflowing with lava!
What?!
Curse you, Flazzard!
Whoops! Oh my, looks like
I'm not welcome in these parts!
Guess I'll be bowing out then!
Everybody!
That's it for me. I hope you
enjoy your swim in the lava.
[cackling]
Dai: It's no good!
We can't escape!
If we could make it
up there, we could...
But none of us have that
kind of strength left!
No - Hyunckel!
I can't let any of you die here.
This is the only way.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Crocodine, I finally understand
what you were saying.
I hope I can apologize
to you in the afterlife.
But for now, just for an
instant... I need your help...
Lend me your titan strength!
Stop it. Don't do
this, Hyunckel!
[powerful groan]
Hyunckel...
Maam: Hyunckel!
Hyunckel [thought]:
Thank you all.
At long last,
my eyes are open.
I wish my fate were to carry
on helping the three of you...
But it looks like
this is as far as I go.
Maam: But, why...
Popp: Watch out!
This place won't last!
Maam, c'mon!
Popp: It's coming down!
We've got to go!
But Hyunckel! He's still...
Hyunckel [thought]:
Farewell, and keep fighting,
Dai and Popp...
Goodbye... Maam...
Hyunckel!
And so the Undead Legion ends.
Master Hyunckel,
I hope you'll
allow your humble Moruge
to guide you
to the afterlife.
Zaboera: I hear the Underground
Palace was destroyed.
It seems that extinct
volcano suddenly erupted.
Baran [thought]:
An extinct volcano erupting?
[chuckling]
Oh, my. Isn't that
a terrible shame.
Flazzard: Long live
Hyunckel, right?
And hey, he did take
the new Hero down with him,
so I'd say it
wasn't a bad job.
Hadlar [thought]:
The audacity...
[delighted chuckle]
Baran [thought]:
How terrifying it is
to see a man so
starved for glory.
Okay! Since we're
fresh out of Hyunckel,
I guess that conquering
the Holkia continent
can be my job now!
Of course, all I gotta do
is find little Princess Leona
and give her
the old dispatch!
Easy!
[delighted cackle]
Narrator: With
Hyunckel defeated,
Dai and his friends continue
their search for the Princess,
and soon they meet Amy,
one of the Papnica Troika.
Together, they travel to Valge
Island, where Leona awaits...
But the outpost is already under
siege by the Blizzblaze Legion,
and Flazzard has a
trick up his sleeve.
So make sure not to
miss the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Blizzblaze General Flazzard".